Small edit (#31929)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/observability_pipelines/configure_existing_pipelines/destination_env_vars/crowdstrike_ng_siem.md

- CrowdStrike HEC ingestion URL:

>      - **Note**: Do **not** include the suffix `/services/collector` in the URL. For example: `https://<your_instance_id>.ingest.us-1.crowdstrike.com`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - **Note**: Do **not** include the suffix `/services/collector` in the URL. The URL must follow this format: `https://<your_instance_id>.ingest.us-1.crowdstrike.com`. 
```

Author: Thanks a lot @buraizu! That's great feedback.
